Add GPT3 docs (#363)
deepset-ai/haystack-website: docs/latest/pipeline_nodes/answer_generator.mdx

# Answer Generator

The Answer Generator reads a set of documents and generates an answer to a question, word by word.
While extractive QA highlights the span of text that answers a query,
generative QA can return a novel text answer that it has composed.

> The best current approaches can draw upon both the knowledge it gained during language model pretraining (parametric memory)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best current approaches can draw upon both the knowledge the Answer Generator gained during language model pretraining (parametric memory)
```

and the passages provided to it with a Retriever (non-parametric memory).

> Haystack offers generative systems that can be run on your own hardware

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Haystack offers generative systems that you can run on your own hardware
```

> such as [Retriever-Augmented Generation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2005.11401) and [LFQA](https://yjernite.github.io/lfqa.html),

Reviewer: ok, we should rephrase this sentence because right now it sounds like retriever-augmented generation and lfqa are hardware:
" Haystack offers generative systems, such as Retriever-augmented generation (no need for capitalization here) and LFQA, that you can run on your own hardware.

> With the advent of transformer-based retrieval methods such as [Dense Passage Retrieval](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.04906),

Reviewer: I would actually move the comment about the training somewhere farther away

> Answer Generators can be trained concurrently with the Retriever from the one loss signal.

Reviewer: you can train Answer Generators concurrently with the Retriever from the one loss signal.

> With Haystack, you also have the option of offloading answer generation to an API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Haystack, you can also offload answer generation to an API.
```

Reviewer: Or can we just say: In Haystack, you can also use an API to perform answer generation.?

> [GPT-3](https://openai.com/api/) from OpenAI is a large scale generative language model that can be used in this question answering setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[GPT-3](https://openai.com/api/) from OpenAI is a large-scale generative language model that you can use to generate answers in your question answering system.
```

> It is infeasible to run a model of this size on local hardware, but you can query an instance of GPT-3 via an API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is infeasible to run a model of this size on local hardware, but you can query an instance of GPT-3 using an API.
```

> The `OpenAIAnswerGenerator` class facilitates this, and it functions just like any other Node in Haystack.

Reviewer: "and it functions just like any other Node in Haystack." - let's assume they don't know how nodes in haystack work because they're just reading about this one. Should we probably tell them here that it can be used in a pipeline and on what position? just generally, without going into details just yet.

> Note that to use GPT-3, you will need a valid OpenAI account and API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that to use GPT-3, you need a valid OpenAI account and an API key.
```

Reviewer: Can we give them a link to where they can set up the account? maybe some instruction how to obtain the api key?

Reviewer 2: That's a change I would also like to see.

> Note that to use GPT-3, you will need a valid OpenAI account and API key.

Reviewer 2: In the docstring, there is a link to the web page where users can create an account. I think it makes sense to also include the link here.

> To be able to use this node, you need an API key from an active OpenAI account (you can sign-up for an account
    [here](https://openai.com/api/)).

)
```

To initialize the `OpenAIAnswerGenerator`, run:

``` python
from haystack.nodes import OpenAIAnswerGenerator

generator = OpenAIAnswerGenerator(api_key=MY_API_KEY)
```

> To run an Answer Generator in a pipeline, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use an Answer Generator in a pipeline, run:
```
